There are a few more channels we did not look at yet.
I'm lumping them all together here because they all relate to marketing activity.
And in order to get good detail on what is going on with these channels,
you need to make sure to implement UTM codes for
the learning pages that are associated with these marketing activities.
Display advertising, these are the display ads that link to your site.
For instance, a banner ad that showcases the merchandise you sell,
like this one from beta brands.
If I'm a marketer for beta brands I should make sure to
add UTM codes when setting up an ad like this.
Such that when I see traffic through to display acquisition channel,
I can tell which campaign it is coming from.
The UTM code allows me to add a campaign name
and other info that helps me identify the link in this report.
E-mail, this is the traffic that's coming in through
e-mails you may have sent such as newsletters,
promotional offers, et cetera.
You see an example here of a newsletter from Udacity.
Again, when setting up these e-mails,
you should make sure to include UTM codes that
help you to trace back where the traffic came from.
Affiliates, this is traffic coming from
affiliate marketing deals you may have in place with partners.
Such deals typically mean that you agree to pay a partner for
a referral that comes in through the link that they placed on their site.
If you have such deals in place,
you can track here how well they are working.
A good example of sites that uses
affiliate marketing to get people to come to the side is Amazon.
If you have a blog for instance,
in which you refer to Amazon's products with a link directly to the Amazon product page,
you get paid a small referral fee by Amazon for sending them traffic.
So here's the overview for the Google merchandise store acquisition channels.
You can see the channels I just discussed here.
As you can see in the report,
both affiliate deals and display send
a decent amount of traffic to the Google merchandise store.
There's very little traffic coming from e-mail links.